Previously on
Beauty and the Beast
I'm Special Agent
Henry Knox, FBI.
What if I can
get Vincent exonerated?
How dare you?!
First you promise
to help Vincent
and then you try
to get him arrested?
Maybe it's time
that we dig up something
from Gabe's past
and put him on the defensive.
Jack Watson?
- Yeah.
Do you mind if
I ask you a few questions?
About a murder you witnessed
at the museum.
Turn to your right.
That's him.
Number four.
And Ward put Jack
into protective custody
until after the arraignment.
And the bad news?
Gabe made bail.
Of course he did.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey.
Oh, my God, Vincent,
I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah, you might've just
bruised my ego.
If you want, you could always
turn me in, too.
I hear the reward's
$100,000 now.
Wait, a hundred grand?
Mm-hmm. Come on,
you could be a hero,
get your badge back.
Maybe put a
little deposit on that
house in the mountains
you always wanted.
No. You wanted
the place in the mountains,
I wanted the country.
Well, right now,
I would take either.
Okay. When do we leave?
Really?
You would really leave?
Seriously...
Gabe has everyone in this city
hunting you down;
I'm ducking tails
just to see you.
What would we be
leaving behind?
Home.
I don't know,
maybe it's just a fantasy,
but...
I can't help but think
what it would be like
to leave all this
craziness behind.
Come on,
we're making progress, right?
As soon as the witness
testifies against Gabe,
he's gonna be behind bars
and then he'll be off my back
and Agent Knox
can push this
exoneration through.
Everything
will be back to normal.
"Normal"? What's normal?
I don't know,
whatever you want it to be.
It doesn't have to be
this or here.
It'll be our normal.
I like the sound of that.
Mm, phone.
It's Tess.
Impeccable timing, as always.
Cat, something's happened,
Watson's missing.
Wait, what are you
talking about, what happened?
The witness, Jack Watson,
he's gone.
Gone how?
He was in protective custody.
What happened to the uniform
that was guarding him?
Knocked out-- tranq dart.
Peters and Garcia,
you're with me.
Gabe.
- Yeah.
Just got back
from the safe house,
signs of a struggle,
but nothing else.
No leads on where Watson is.
What about Gabe?
I'm heading to his place now.
I just got the warrant,
but, uh...
I'm gonna need help
finding the witness.
If you know what I mean.
I'll track him.
You can't.
What if someone sees you?
We don't have a choice, okay?
We lose the witness,
we lose Gabe, we lose...
our chance at normal.
Be careful.
Tip line's ringing off the hook.
People think they're seeing
Vincent everywhere now.
Let me know.
- Okay.
- All right, let's go, come on.
Come on,
let's go, let's go.
Tess! I'm glad you're here.
Gabe...
- Look, I know that Cat thinks
that I had something to do with
Heather's kidnapping,
but you got to talk to her,
because she doesn't have
all of the facts...
Gabe!
Don't make this harder
than it has to be.
What's going on?
I think you know
what's going on.
You're wanted
for questioning
in the disappearance
of Jack Watson.
Cuff him.
All clear.
I don't have a key.
I do.
So much for being careful.
I'm telling you...
Gabe has
completely lost it.
I don't know what it is--
losing you, chasing me--
but the guy has
definitely snapped.
Yeah, it all feels
vaguely familiar, doesn't it?
You really think
Gabe took Watson?
No. Just because
he's acting like
some crazed beast again
doesn't mean
he is one, right?
Let's see what
really happened.
Help!
Besides...
...he didn't
kill Watson as a beast.
Gabe killed him?
Yeah, he killed him,
all right.
Oh, my God.
I promised Jack
that we'd protect him.
And that was before you knew
how desperate Gabe had become.
He's bleeding.
I should be able to
track him
to wherever
he took the body.
Hopefully
before getting spotted.
I am telling you,
you've got the wrong guy!
How stupid would I have to be
to want to hurt a witness
who's about to testify
against me?
Yet Mr. Watson's
mysteriously missing.
Right, because Vincent Keller
is trying to set me up.
Don't you see?
He's the one
you should be looking for.
Give me a break!
Sergeant Vargas, please.
Think about it, Captain...
we were closing in
on Keller, right?
Then, all of a sudden,
a murder witness
magically pops up
and identifies me,
of all people?
And then he disappears before
you even have a chance
to question him?
I mean, come on!
So, what, you're suggesting
Vincent Keller
is behind all this?
Of course he is,
Captain.
What better way to divert
attention from the manhunt,
then to try and blame me
for one of his crimes?
How do we even know
Watson's still alive?
Think about it.
For all we know,
Gabe could have
silenced the witness.
Maybe even killed him.
And this is just a
desperate attempt
to save his ass.
What else is she gonna say,
Captain?
She is Detective Chandler's
best friend.
Of course she's gonna do
everything she can
to defend her boyfriend.
That's not an answer.
He's knows damn well
that Watson identified him
in the lineup.
What more motive
does he need?
All right, then, Detective,
prove it.
Where's the body?
All right.
You're still
under the conditions
of your bail, Lowan,
which means
you don't leave the city
without court authorization.
Do you understand?
I am not going
anywhere, Captain.
I am innocent. Trust me.
Vincent Keller is the man
you are after, not me.
Which way did Gabe go?
You know what?
I don't know, okay,
I've lost the trail.
Okay, well,
find it quickly,
'cause there are
a lot of people here.
All right, I got him.
Vincent.
That's him.
That's the fugitive.
That's the guy from
the television!
That's him.
Somebody stop him!
It's that Keller guy.
- Officers!
Right there.
It's Keller.
- Run.
Move it, move it.
♪ Beauty and the Beast 2x20 ♪
Ever After
Original Air Date on June 23, 2014
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Are you sure it was
Vincent Keller.
Are you kidding?
The guy's face is plastered
all over the news.
I recognized him right away.
Did you try
to stop him?
Are you out of your mind?!
No way.
But I called out to the cops,
and they-they chased him
all the way down Third,
but he got away.
First of all,
you're just jeopardizing
my job by even being here.
Second, how the hell
am I supposed to
clear your name when
I turn on the news...
What was I
supposed to do, okay?
Just let Gabe
get away with it?
You need him discredited,
so he can't block
my exoneration, right?
And on top of all of that,
he killed a man.
That's why
we're tracking him.
Wait, I'm confused.
How exactly were you
tracking him again?
Were you...
actually following him?
Yes. No.
- No.
No. Not literally.
We're just...
trying to figure out
where he was taking the body...
that's all.
You know, following leads,
asking people in the area if
they'd seen Gabe
or his car drive by.
That kind of tracking.
Wait, so you were actually
talking to people
face-to-face?
People who could
and did recognize you?
Are you out of your mind?
Agent Knox, he killed a man,
okay, last year.
And we had an eyewitness
who was gonna
testify against him,
but he killed him, too.
You say that,
but how do you know that?
How can you prove it?
By finding the body,
wherever he put it.
That's all we're trying to do.
And then all
hell broke loose
and you almost
got yourself caught.
Look...
I owe you both,
you know that.
That's why
I'm trying like hell
to get you exonerated,
but if you don't lay low
and keep this from
getting out of control...
It's already
out of control, Agent Knox.
That's why we're here.
There is nowhere
safe anymore.
There's nowhere to hide.
We need your help.
I'm pushing the
D.O.J. as hard as I can.
Okay, there has to be
something else
you can do in the meantime.
Talk to the Feds,
to-to pressure the local news
to get Vincent's face
off the front page.
Or...
- Witness relocation.
You serious?
Why not? It'll get you
out of the city.
Keep you from being seen
or worse, caught.
Plus... it'd keep you off
the front page for once.
Give me some time
to work the powers that be
without all this heat.
For how long?
However long it takes.
It could be a while.
Look, you'd have to say good-bye
to everything
and everybody, too.
For all intents and
purposes, you'd simply...
vanish.
Did he say where he was
thinking of sending you?
I mean, if it's
the Bahamas or Hawaii,
I say go for it,
but if it's Queens...
It's not either...
We actually can't say.
Just in case anyone asks,
it's better you guys
don't know.
Well, could you at least
give us a clue?
Is it city? Country?
Suburbia.
"Suburbia"? You mean, like,
white picket fences
and Labradoodles?
Stop, it sounds great.
I wish I could go.
What? At least there's
no garbage lining the street.
But they're city people.
We're all city people.
You can't just
leave Manhattan;
you'll get bored.
- That's crap.
Okay, look, we haven't actually
agreed to anything yet.
When do you have to decide by?
- Right away.
Another couple decided
against relocation,
so we'd be taking
over their covers.
Knox would want us to
move in tonight.
- Tonight?
- And the bright side is that
Catherine and I would finally
get a chance to...
well, live this normal life
we've always wanted.
More like the FBI's idea
of a normal life.
It'll get us out of the
spotlight, right?
And who knows?
Maybe the grass
really is greener in suburbia.
Okay, well,
whether it is or not,
it's definitely
too dangerous
for you guys
to be here right now.
I don't think you have
much of a choice.
What about Gabe?
We can't just walk away
and let him
get away with murder--
- again.
- We'll figure out
what Gabe did
with the witness.
We'll just pick up
where you left off, right?
- Yeah.
Uh...
no offense, buddy,
but how are you
gonna just
pick up where...
I left off?
Okay, look,
I may not have beast sense,
but I've got common sense,
all right?
Plus, my girl here's
got a badge
and a gun, so...
have a little faith,
will you?
Okay.
We won't let you down;
we'll get Gabe.
Mostly, because
we know if we don't...
you can't come back and...
that's not gonna
work for any of us.
What he said.
There you go.
Thanks.
Now, which way did you say
that Vincent, um...
the, uh, fugitive, was headed?
I'm not really sure.
Try.
Why does it matter?
It matters, because he is
more than just a fugitive,
he is a murderer.
And the D.A.'s office
has reason to believe
that he is...
tracking his latest victim.
I'm just trying
to figure out
if you knew where
he was going, that's all.
The guy's a real creep, huh?
Yeah. He is.
So, north on Third,
you say?
If I was to guess,
yeah, I think that's where
they were headed.
- They?
Yeah, uh...
him and a
cute little brunette.
Although they split up
after I spotted him.
Thanks.
Catherine?
It's Gabe.
You home?
Is she in some kind of trouble?
No. No. No. Our office is
just trying to get ahold of her.
When was the last time
you saw Ms. Chandler?
Saw her? I don't know,
a couple days ago
in the laundry room,
maybe.
No. She was heading up
to the roof.
She does that a lot.
Must have plants up there
or something.
You're sure
she's not in trouble?
Do me a favor...
if you see her,
give me a call, will you?
It's important I find her.
Sure thing, Gabe.
- But it might not be
for a few weeks.
I'm sorry?
I mean, I haven't seen Cat,
but she called me and left me
a voice mail this morning.
Asked me to pick up her mail
until the end of the month.
Maybe longer.
She wasn't sure.
Did she say where she was going?
Beats me.
♪ Here, in the familiar place
♪ We got our heads down
♪ And then pretend
it's 'cause the night is dark ♪
♪ I'm running out of space
♪ For us to run around
♪ But I said to him
that money's tight... ♪
Are you sure
this is the right address?
Yeah.
It's huge.
What do we do now?
Get out.
That guy
just flipped me off.
Catherine,
he's waving at you,
wave back.
You got to blend in,
remember?
We can't risk
getting exposed.
Okay, I feel like
everyone is
staring at us.
They are staring at us
'cause we just moved in.
It doesn't look
like anyone has
recognized me yet, either,
which is good.
- Still,
I feel like we just parachuted
into Pleasantville, don't you?
I don't know if I can
trust air
that doesn't smell.
You want to go back?
Because we can go back.
I know it is a lot to give up
your life for me.
Give me a break.
Vincent, I love you.
I would give up anything
to be with you.
Even New York?
Are you kidding?!
To get this big,
beautiful house?
It's a dream come true.
It is.
All right,
I believe you.
I do.
Mrs. Vaughn.
Thank you, Mr. Vaughn.
This is weird,
though, isn't it?
Yeah. It really is.
Oh. Okay.
Let's get used to it.
Good news...
I'm not on the front cover...
or on any page,
for that matter.
I guess what happens
in Manhattan stays...
...in Manhattan!
Good.
How'd you sleep?
All right, I guess.
I don't know,
it's really quiet out here.
Mm-hmm.
Well...
the Feds stocked
the fridge at least.
Want me to make you some
breakfast?
No, thanks.
Huh?
What are you doing?
Checking crime reports,
reading up on our covers.
Why?
- Why...?
'Cause we need to know
our cover's cold, that's why.
- No, I mean,
why are you checking up
on crime reports...?
Catherine, come on, New York, really?
- What?
I like to stay on top
of things, it's a habit.
No, you like
looking for trouble.
You don't do that anymore,
remember, Mrs. Vaughn?
You're not a cop,
you're a writer.
Yes, I know...
A mystery... novelist.
Okay, I know that, but...
No. No "buts," Catherine, okay?
It's "Veronica," Tim.
Right? See, now...
Mmm...
- ...now we're talking.
Here you go, read the paper, relax.
I...
...am making breakfast.
Okay... fine...
I guess this is gonna be
a little more complicated
than I thought.
Yankees lost.
Catherine!
- What?!
I'm not allowed to
root for the Yankees?
We don't live in
New York anymore.
You are Mrs. Vaughn,
Veronica Vaughn,
from San... Fran...
cisco.
Whatever.
Jeter went out for four.
I give up.
- What?!
Oh, shut up.
Whoa!
- Hey! I'm walking here...!
- Hey.
So, I checked
that corner market's
security cam,
there's no sign
of Gabe's car
driving past.
But, you know, it could be
blocked by a bus or something.
And then I also talked to
a couple of store owners...
nothing.
So I got nothing.
How about you, any luck?
- Nope.
Why the face?
Nothing.
I don't know what
I was thinking, okay.
I thought I could pick up
where Vincent left off.
I wanted to, but...
Wait, you thought you could
do it in the way
Vincent does it?
Of course not. Obviously.
Then, what were you expecting?
I don't know, all right.
I thought something would
occur to me. Anything.
I guess I'm just...
so used to
relying on Vincent
to do
this kind of stuff.
But you're not Vincent.
I don't...
Yes. Thank you...
Tess,
I know that.
So... maybe it's time
to step out of his shadow.
Less Robin, more Batman.
Really?
A comic book analogy?
I'm just saying.
Use that professor brain
of yours, okay?
You've found
people before,
you even found Vincent.
Look around you,
what do you see?
How would you track Gabe?
We'll need you there by 7:00.
Why don't I just come
and meet you?
If you could pick up
two bottles of red.
Yeah, sweetie, I'll just...
Of course I'll go out.
Wait a minute.
- What?
Cell towers...
that's it.
You're a genius.
Oh.
Oh, yeah,
l-let me give you
a hand with that.
Whoops.
I got it.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah.
Just moving in?
Uh, yeah, yeah.
Just, uh...
just yesterday.
From the city?
- No.
N... No, no city.
I mean...
- Oh.
Why-why-why do you ask?
Oh, just 'cause
you're packing light,
is all.
Oh...
uh...
- No kids,
I guess, huh?
No. No.
- Ah.
Uh, well,
not, not yet.
Just, uh, just me and, uh,
- Ah.
well, me and--
me and the wife.
Oh, yeah.
Honey?! Honey?!
Hey.
Visitor.
Hello!
Oh, hi there.
Uh...?
Right. Just, uh,
set it down right there,
that's great.
Frank Harris,
welcome to the 'hood.
Thank you.
Uh... I am Veronica
and you have obviously
already met, um...
Tim.
- Tim.
You know, me and
my wife, April,
live right across
the street.
Yep, it's been
15 years now.
15 years, wow...
that's, that's... something.
- Yeah.
Just sent a son
off to college.
NYU.
Ah, New York.
Nice.
Yeah, bright lights,
big city.
That's what he wanted.
But not for me, though,
I like it here.
It's friendly...
and safe.
Safe...
is good.
Frank?
Oh, uh, I-I'm sorry,
I didn't mean to...
No. That's okay.
We were just saying hello.
This is my wife, April.
Meet Veronica... and Tim.
- Hi.
Hi. Welcome.
Pleasure.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
I'm sorry,
but have...
have we met before?
Oh, no.
I... don't think so.
Why?
- Why?
Uh... don't mind April.
We're both just
a little jumpy,
ever since our
jewelry store got robbed
a couple of months ago.
Robbed?
- Yeah.
I thought you said
it was safe?
It is safe.
And you don't have to
apologize for me, honey.
I was just asking.
A-Anyway.
We'll let you
get settled.
Like I said, we're right
across the street
if you need anything.
Great. Thank you.
We appreciate it.
Thanks, bye!
- Uh-huh!
See you soon!
Okay. - Yup.
Maybe we shouldn't unpack.
You know, I don't think
she recognized you.
Really? Then, what was that?
Suburbia.
Whoa!
What am I looking at?
A road map.
Uh, more specifically,
a cell phone road map.
Gabe's cell phone.
Now, all phones
communicate wirelessly
with the nearest tower,
then get handed off to the next
as we travel, right?
When you're making a call.
No, but even when we're not.
If your cell's turned on,
it's always communicating
with the nearest tower,
just like Gabe's was.
Well, why wouldn't
he turn it off?
Who turns off their cell phones?
Nobody.
And...
lucky for us, neither did Gabe.
Now, since Manhattan
has such high mobile traffic,
it requires an extensive
number of towers.
That's what the push
pins represent.
Which means I was able to track
which ones Gabe's cell was
handing its signal off to
while he drove past
where Vincent tracked him.
So, north on Third.
Right.
Then left
on 97th
and up
to the Heights.
To the dungeon.
The dungeon where
we once found human remains
in a crematorium.
W-W-Wait, are you suggesting
that's what Gabe did with
the witness? He burned him?
You know of a better way
to dispose of a body?
That's sick.
No wrath like that
of a lover scorned.
You did it, JT.
You tracked him.
Your way.
Piece of cake...
ish.
Now, let's go find proof on Gabe
so Cat and Vincent
can come back home.
Well, it's going
to be a beautiful
sunny day today,
and we can expect
much more of the same
over the next few...
Post-coitus, the female
averages...
Dumps it out, but down the ice.
Phillips picks it up
and he starts up with it.
He's pinched up
at the side boards,
but manages to get
the puck out...
Catherine? Catherine?
What?
Cops.
Look, that's a cop.
Not cops. He's not
even looking at us.
He was looking at me before.
Okay? And he's driven past,
like, three times tonight.
Okay, who's looking
for trouble now?
Why don't you just help me
with the dishes?
If I'm gonna be Barbie,
you could at least be Ken.
Okay, well, if he's
not looking for me,
then who is he looking for?
Especially at this time
of night, right?
Don't ask me.
I'm just a mystery writer.
Are you hearing gunshots?
Oh, my...
What's going on over here?
I-I think I heard gunshots, too.
Come on!
Catherine!
Shooting
at 1476 South Maple Street!
What happened?
Stand back!
Request ambulance on scene.
Code 3, victim is coding.
Over. Repeat.
Victim is coding!
You killed him!
You killed my husband!
Stay away!
What? You couldn't sleep?
No.
Aw, are they still out there?
Where's April?
Who?
Mrs. Harris,
the victim's wife.
She's not outside
with her husband.
Catherine, he's dead.
Right, but normally
you have to pry
the grieving widow
away from the body.
She wanted to go back inside.
Do you want a refill?
Yeah.
Wait.
How did you know that
she wanted to go back inside?
I, uh,
I overheard her talking
to the detective.
Uh, not from inside
here, you didn't.
No, I was, I was over there.
But only for a minute or two.
Come on!
Are you out of your mind?
Don't worry! I blended in.
According to them, I'm just
another nosy neighbor.
What if they figure
out you're a cop?
They won't!
Why would they?
There's just
something about this shooting
that doesn't add up.
See? Cop!
Mystery writer.
What am I supposed to do?
Just ignore my instincts?
Yes, that is exactly what
you're supposed to do.
Ignore your instincts
so you don't blow our cover.
Well, I'm sorry I can't do that.
Veronica has a few questions.
Catherine?
V-Veronica, uh...
Damn it!
The victim fired first?
Yeah, twice.
He must've thought I was
gonna rob him or something.
Well, he had a permit to carry.
His wife had reported
a suspicious vehicle
in the area recently...
Yeah, I know.
She told me.
That's why I was
doing extra patrols.
I met the Harrises when
their jewelry store got hit.
Mrs. Harris called me
a couple of times,
said she was afraid
it was gonna
happen again, so...
Wait, she called you personally?
Sorry, sorry.
So, you were on patrol?
Yeah, and then I saw
someone jump over their fence.
I announced myself,
but Mr. Harris
obviously didn't hear me.
Why would he climb
over his own fence?
I'm sorry, who are you?
Nosy neighbor.
Why wouldn't he just go in the
front door, ring the doorbell?
Where was his wife?
I don't know.
Okay, so you just happened
to be on patrol when Mr. Harris
was climbing over his fence?
And why wasn't
the motion sensor working?
You know they've got one, right?
Look, ma'am, I'm afraid
I'm gonna have
to ask you to step back.
- Yeah, but...
- Honey!
Hey, we got to go.
We're so late.
No, we don't.
Yes, we do.
Church meeting
with the pastor. Come on.
You were saying?
What are you doing?
That shooting?
It wasn't an accident, Vincent.
I think she set him up.
Catherine...
Ten bucks says Mrs. Harris
called Deputy Lewis to
come by on his patrol
right at the moment her husband
was coming home.
Oh, come on.
And she conveniently
took his house keys.
So he would have to
climb over that fence.
And she knew that he was armed.
And probably jittery,
having just been robbed.
Just stop. Okay? Stop.
You don't know any of this.
No, I know
that April didn't
like Frank.
That is motive.
From the one comment
she made in front of us?
Yeah!
And the fact that she's probably
sitting in her living room
right now enjoying a cocktail
while her husband
gets carted off to the morgue.
Right, so you've been away
from the city for one whole day,
and now all of a sudden you've
come up with some elaborate
murder plot
right across the street?
Already?
Maybe.
- No.
Maybe you're trying
to find a way
to sabotage this whole thing
to expose us.
That is crazy.
Yeah, it is.
Because I am a wanted man.
And even if there is something
going on across the street,
we can't get involved, okay?
Or I am screwed.
- No, we have
to get involved.
It's called justice.
If we don't, then,
then what are we, Vincent?
We're just two people on the run
who only care about ourselves.
And that's never
gonna work for me.
And I know damn well that it
doesn't work for you, either.
Well, this is creepy.
Yeah, I know.
What-what are
we even looking for?
Fresh...
bones.
Bones? I thought cremations
turned everything to ashes?
Yeah, well, not necessarily.
Uh, certified crematoriums
only vaporize the body.
Then what's left is
run through a pulverizer.
That's how it becomes ashes.
Lovely.
But since this is
hardly certified...
Bingo.
- Think it could be Watson?
A simple DNA test will tell.
That won't be necessary.
Where's Vincent?
Put the gun down
and will talk about this.
"Talk"?
What's there to "talk" about?
We all know why we're here.
Gabe, what's happened to you?
What has happened to me?
You're the ones who are
trying to protect a beast!
I'm trying to protect Catherine.
Wait, so you think you're
actually in the right here?
I am in the right.
Gabe, you killed a man.
- So did Vincent. Why aren't you after him?
Vincent only killed because he
had to, not to cover his ass.
But he will
kill again.
Beasts only
get worse.
Just like Reynolds said.
It's why he has to be stopped.
By who? You?
Who else? I'm the only one
who can
do it.
And I
have to.
For Catherine.
Are you kidding?
She's the one
who sent us after you!
Easy!
Listen.
Gabe, don't
do this.
Okay, we know that you
killed Ray Sheckman
and we can prove that
you killed the witness, too.
Not if I don't let
you out of here.
So, what, you're going
to shoot us, Gabe?
Really?
You can justify that,
can't you,
in your warped zeal
to protect Cat?
JT!
Do you really
think this
will win her back?
Are you that far gone?
I will expose us all.
Excuse me?
The only way
to prove
I did anything
is to open up this dungeon
to the cops,
to everybody.
Which means it's only
a matter of time before
forensics discovers
all the
buried bodies,
your fingerprints, Vincent's,
cross-species DNA
and beasts.
You're bluffing.
Am I?
Then pull the trigger!
See what
happens.
Either way,
I am taking Vincent down.
Deputy Lewis?
Yeah.
Remember me?
Nosy neighbor?
Sure, I
remember.
Listen, I gotta get back
out on patrol, so...
Yeah. I'll just
walk with you.
A lot of
debriefing, right?
Especially with an
officer involved?
Yeah, a ton of
paperwork, too,
and interviews.
Are they gonna
interview Mrs. Harris?
Mrs. Harris?
I don't know.
Why?
Is there somewhere we
can talk in private?
There's something
you need to know
about the shooting.
"Justice."
Ha, what about my justice?
Like I don't even count anymore.
It's not my fault
everybody's after me.
It's not like
I did anything wrong.
You know, I didn't even
want to leave the city.
She is the one
that wanted normal.
Ah, she can't even
handle normal.
Damn it, Catherine.
Oh, yeah, that'll be so fun.
Hi.
- Uh...
I gotta call you back.
Sorry to bother you.
This is completely
out of curiosity,
but did you have
your husband killed?
What?
- Sorry. Yes or no?
No.
Huh.
I hate it when she's right.
If I'm right,
it means you were set up,
which makes this a murder.
Murder?
For Mrs. Harris, not you.
She just used you
to pull the trigger.
You seem to
know a lot
about this stuff.
You a cop?
No, no.
No, I'm just a...
a mystery writer.
I don't know. It's
pretty hard to believe.
I mean, isn't there an easier
way to kill your husband?
And get away with it?
Not really.
She called you,
right?
She asked you to come over?
- Yeah.
Right when
her husband
was coming
home from work.
She made sure that
he didn't have a key,
it was dark,
he had a gun...
She even had the TV
turned up really loud
so he didn't hear you call out.
Why would she even
want him killed, though?
They were married forever.
Maybe suburbia isn't
as perfect as it looks.
I mean, who knows?
Life insurance, abuse,
infidelity...
She obviously wasn't getting
along with him very well.
How do you know?
You only met her yesterday.
How do you know when I met her?
I... I don't know.
I guess Mrs. Harris
must've told me or something.
Why would she tell you that?
And when did she tell you that?
You're not wearing your vest.
No, I don't wear one on patrol.
But you were wearing
one last night,
almost as if
you knew you might get shot at.
What are
you doing here?
Saving you.
Wait, how did you find me?
I, uh...
I... I tracked you.
But what
made you
decide to do that?
Mrs. Harris.
She confessed.
- She did?
Why?
Well...
I finally figured out
that you were right.
Probably going to the cops
with it, which you did....
When'd you realize she
was sleeping with him?
Right before
he tried to kill me.
Huh.
You okay?
Yeah,
I'm okay.
But I'm gonna
have to testify,
which means I'm pretty sure
I blew our cover.
Huh.
Are you mad?
No.
No, I'm not.
But Knox will be.
You know, he made
it pretty clear
if things didn't
work out here,
he might not be able
to clear my name.
We did the right thing,
Vincent.
We couldn't walk away
and just let somebody
get away with murder. It's not
who we are.
- I know.
Come here...
Can we go home now?
♪ Words frozen over
when I spoke them out loud ♪
♪ Just trying to reach out,
but they fell to the ground ♪
♪ Time kept me captive
and winter's so long ♪
♪ My sentence grew cold
till you made it thaw... ♪
JT?
Over here.
What, you don't answer
your phone anymore?
Not when I'm sulking, no.
Okay. You know, Vincent's
been trying to call you.
Vincent what? I-Is he all right?
Yeah, sort of.
They're actually
back in town.
Apparently,
it didn't work out,
wherever they went.
Why? What happened?
Well, it's a long story,
but I gather the short of it
is you can take the girl
out of the city,
but you can't take the city
out of the girl.
Plus, they were
getting shot at, so...
They can't go
anywhere, those two.
So what are
they gonna do?
Stay and fight, I guess.
I just hope Agent Knox
comes through
with that exoneration
before Gabe outs Vincent.
Speaking of, did you tell 'em
I screwed up?
How'd you screw up?
Gabe.
Not making it safe for
Vincent to come back. Hello?
But that's not
what you said you'd do.
You said you'd pick up
where Vincent left off,
and you did that.
You found out where Gabe
took the body, right?
You did good.
I did, didn't I?
Yeah.
It's not your fault
that he threatened
beast exposure.
- True.
Besides, you stood up to Gabe,
even when he had a gun
pointed at you.
It's very Batman.
Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Now give me a gummy.
No, I like red, actually.
Oh, my God.
There you go. Red and green.
Thank you.
♪ That one thing
♪ Could be everything...
Awfully noisy.
Yep. Music to my ears.
So much for it being
greener in suburbia, huh?
Well, if we never
would've tried,
we never
would've known, right?
Come on. It wasn't that bad.
And who knows,
maybe one day
we can try it again.
Maybe.
Maybe. But not by
running and hiding.
I don't think that's
ever really the answer.
Look,
I love this city, but it's...
it's such a tangled mess
right now.
I-I don't see a way
that I can stay.
But on the bright side,
I mean,
one thing
I have learned is that
wherever we end up, you...
got to keep kicking ass.
That's not even true.
Oh, yes, it is.
- It's okay.
It's who I fell in love with.
It's who
you are.
You never walk away from a fight
or what you believe in.
That's your normal.
♪ Can't see it
if your eyes are closed ♪
♪ That one thing
♪ Could be
♪ Everything
Come on, kiddo.
♪ You gave me
♪ Everything
♪ And that's the one thing
♪ I need.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org